Circus
Axio Corporation opened
To Abe introduction Miyazaki-san, who introduced one by surprise
I would like to ask and thank you Saka
I thought about increasing
2 women over 18
Hatchback's growth is mainly the new optimum installed
Cut off the start
Simple and reasonable to hang and explain the bicycle
It is a site
It seems that there will be more
The city is attached to Kanazawa Ward
Attached in early spring
Toast and finally
It sings by advancing this
Then I would like to make this bicycle
Mr. Miyasaka
We had prefectural office the second floor
Well finally meeting with the executive
Like this
I firmly stop the bicycle
And 38 minutes
It exceeded eating
Standing Yamazaki of the type that I want to perform on Kawase of the Agency for Cultural Affairs
The Japanese rematch is realized at that time of the paper here
Because it is too long such as reproduction of the hit, Shoko
Because it was not received directly, it was 2 places in Kyushu place at that time
That enough book to connect the heart with the lower third phase of tiger enough food
Please go out to this main when you become
Resale expansion
Do you eat at 2 o'clock?
Itana Nanae
These marks are engraved
You have to get up to this point
Of course, the characteristics of the title always compare with itself
What kind of thing do you have first get an inspection
It's easy to live, and it flies before it becomes a blaze of great enthusiasm
Can be visualized without
The rest of the road is loaded with bike paths in about 2 minutes
And on their 20th anniversary this is their rearview mirror
Because there is always a check so there are people who can be very relieved
There was a cat
It is said that the score difference is already given
Well I was depressed
It is said that if it was made one day, it would be much cheaper
It is already already done without worrying at all
When you hear the candid opinion of
I can collapse and do things
We collapse in body in the state that we took off from Miyazasaka approaching car which lost
I can not do that
It's like this
Because j2 is demoted
It is also very good to keep it in order to bring it back to wii
I was able to fold it compactly
Introduced in the corporation
It was introduction of sap clip book
Thank you, Mr. Isaka
I was on purpose